I needed a way to submit to this Zine. In an intense session of Googling with DuckDuckGo I found a computer having everything to do with witches and halloween.

It's called the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computing from Harwell, A.K.A. "W.I.T.C.H." How hauntingly delicious. The perfect subject for my submission of truly gruesome proportions.

Built in the 1950s, WITCH was an early relay-based computer, A.K.A. the electromechanical predecessor to vacuum tubes. The clacking of this machine could rattle the bones of even the most ancient conjurers. This is the world's oldest working machine. It would clack for hours on end in order to compute things accurately for the most advanced dark arts practitioners.

In 1973 the machine was donated to the Museum of Science and Industry in Birmingham, UK. This is where my cousin would be born more than a decade later. I love him but he's also my arch nemesis because he's become a doctor, and I'm just here figuring out to make life my own.

What kind of supernatural guidance has led me to this seemingly fantastical connection? How far must I venture into the catacombs of this frightful mystery? The W.I.T.C.H. being put in a museum of my arch nemesis' birth place?

I decided I must do more research. But only after some ginseng tea. My mother fed it to me as a child, and it tasted awful, but lately, I love bitter flavors because they make me feel like I'm a person with their personal finances in order. And of course nothing gets me going like a beverage that tastes like an ancient potion.

A-ha! It turns out that Birmingham City Council decided to relocate the museum. It closed in 1997, and and a new museum called "Thinktank" opened up on September 29th, 2001. Hmm, Libra, just like me. Who is laying out this breadcrumb trail?

It turned out the former museum was free, but Thinktank charged an entrance fee. How ghoulish, and delightfully evil!

Something tells me I'll need to consider the hardware of the W.I.T.C.H. One thing of note is the dekatron. What is it about these tubes that is so peculiar? Dekatrons were usually decimal counters, but they also made base-12 counters as well! It turns out my hunch was right.

This goes deeper than I suspected. I'm afraid I may be venturing too deep.

Heard of The Dozenal Society of America? It's a conspiracy to switch humanity over to base-12 (http://www.dozenal.org/drupal/sites_bck/default/files/db31315_0.pdf).

To be continued...



